Docs: Billing section (#6305)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/billing/common-questions.md

---
title: Common questions about billing
---

### Can I have a trial?

> PostHog is usage-based and you can use it for free for as long as you want (up to 1M events and 15k session replays per month), with no trial needed.

Reviewer: should we just link here to the pricing page to get info about the free volumes? These may change in the future, and we will be launching more products.

> If you have special circumstances where this doesn't work for you, contact our [sales team](/contact-sales). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have special circumstances where this doesn't work for you, contact our [customer success team](/contact-sales). 
```

Reviewer: Actually I think for new customers we refer to them as sales (emails go to sales@posthog.com for instance) and then once they are customers we refer to it as CS.

### How do I estimate how much PostHog will cost?

> See our doc on [estimating usage and costs](/docs/billing/estimating-usage-costs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check our doc on [estimating usage and costs](/docs/billing/estimating-usage-costs), or use the [pricing calculator](/pricing) to estimate costs. However, often the best way to estimate costs is to sign-up for free and go from there.
```

### How do I update billing information or see previous months' invoices or usage?

Go to your organization's [billing settings](https://app.posthog.com/organization/billing) and click "Manage card details" to be brought to Stripe where you can update your credit card, billing information, and see your invoice history.

> ### Are events or replays dropped when I reach billing limits?

Reviewer: I think we should have another question here of "can I set a billing limit" and then link that to the other doc. Otherwise the next question about data being dropped seems to be missing some context.

> Yes, PostHog drops events and replays after you go over your billing limit. To capture more during the current billing period, you need to raise your billing limits. For future billing periods, you can tune your PostHog implementation to limit the amount of [events](/tutorials/fewer-unwanted-events) or [session replays](/tutorials/limit-session-recordings) you capture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes, PostHog drops events, API calls and replays after you go over your billing limit. To capture more during the current billing period, you need to raise your billing limits. 

For future billing periods, you can tune your PostHog implementation to limit the amount of [events](/tutorials/fewer-unwanted-events) or [session replays](/tutorials/limit-session-recordings) you capture.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, PostHog drops data after you go over your billing limit. To capture more during the current billing period, you need to raise your billing limits. For future billing periods, you can tune your PostHog implementation to limit the number of [events](/tutorials/fewer-unwanted-events) or [session replays](/tutorials/limit-session-recordings) you capture.
```
